[ADD] account_chart_update_code_digits: New module (#2192)
OCA/account-financial-tools: account_chart_update_code_digits/readme/USAGE.md

The wizard, accessible from _Accounting > Settings > Update Chart Template_, now
displays the `Account Code Digits` field.

> The default is 6, but if modified, the value is saved in a company field and becomes the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default is the length of eache chart template but if modified, the value is saved in a company field and becomes the
```
